Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
You're back with us!
Manousos. can you hear us?
How are you feeling?
Do you remember what happened to you?
You gave us quite a scare.
The good news is that the infection
is responding to antibiotics.
However. you'll probably need
to stay here awhile.
You have to regain your strength.
We understand this is a lot to process.
But you need more time to heal.
Your body. it needs rest. it needs--
I am leaving.
What do I owe?
The bill! What do I owe?
You owe us nothing.
Not you.
The real people who were here before.
The hospital. Stitches. medicine.
Everything costs something!
Before The Joining.
your treatments from this
particular hospital would have cost...
$8.277.53 in either
Balboas or American dollars.
Balboas?
I'm in Panama?
Will you be requiring an itemized receipt?
I. Manousos Oviedo.
owe this hospital $8.277.53.
Plus one ambulance.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm